Learn prepositions with examples: IN, ON, AT, BY, OVER, UNDER, BETWEEN, NEXT TO.
Let's learn together!
Preposition number 1: IN.
Look at this example. There's a glass and a ball.
Where's the ball? The ball is in the glass.
IN - The ball is in the glass.
We also use "IN" for time.
Look at these examples:
Example 1: I was born in 2005.
In this example, "IN" is used for time: 2005.
Example 2: He is coming in June.
Here, "IN" is also used for time.
So, "IN" can be used for time as well.
Number 2: Preposition ON.
Look at this example.
There's a table and some books.
Where are the books?
The books are on the table.
ON - The books are on the table.
We also use "ON" for time.
Look at these examples:
Example 1: I go to the gym on Sunday.
ON Sunday - talking about time.
Example 2: We meet on Independence Day.
We use "ON" with weekdays and special events.
For example: on New Year's Eve, on Christmas, on Monday.
So, "ON" is used for time as well.
Number 3: Preposition AT.
We use "AT" for place and time.
Look at these examples:
Example 1: I am at home.
Example 2: She is at the park.
So, "AT" is used for place.
Look at these time examples:
Example 1: I eat lunch at 2 PM.
Example 2: They sleep at 10 PM.
So, "AT" is used for both place and time.
Preposition number 4: BY.
Look at these examples:
Example 1: I came here by bus.
Example 2: She went to London by train.
"BY" is used for transportation.
Another use of "BY":
Example 1: The boy is standing by the tree.
Here, "BY" means near.
Example 2: The boy is standing by the swimming pool.
"BY" means near something.
Preposition number 5: OVER.
Example: The books are over the glass.
The ball is over the glass.
Preposition number 6: UNDER.
Example: The books are under the table.
Example: The ball is under the table.
Preposition number 7: BETWEEN.
Example: The ball is between the books and the table.
Preposition number 8: NEXT TO.
Example: The glass is next to the tree.
Example: The bus is next to the tree.
Hope you learned all these prepositions!
Comment below if you liked this video!